Add Media Type (#15)
SimonFrost-Arm/draft-frost-rats-eat-collection: draft-frost-rats-eat-collection.md

    title: "Confidential Compute Architecture"
    target: https://www.arm.com/architecture/security-features/arm-confidential-compute-architecture
    date: 2022
  IANA-MediaTypes:
    author:
      org: IANA
    title: Media Types
    target: http://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types

>     date: 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    date: 2023
```

| TBD399 | map | EAT Collection {{&SELF}} |
{: #tbl-eat-collection align="left" title="EAT Collection"}

## Media Type Registration
{: #sec-iana-media-types}

IANA is requested to register the "application/eat-collection" media type {{!RFC2046}} in the "Media Types" registry {{IANA-MediaTypes}} in the manner described in RFC 6838 {{!RFC6838}}, which can be used to indicate that the content is an EAT collection.

* Type name: application
* Subtype name: eat-collection
* Required parameters: n/a
* Optional parameters: n/a
* Encoding considerations: binary
* Security considerations: See the Security Considerations section
  of {{&SELF}}
* Interoperability considerations: n/a
* Published specification: {{&SELF}}

> * Applications that use this media type: Attesters and Relying Parties sending
>   EAT collection attestation tokens over HTTP(S) and other transports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Applications that use this media type: Attesters and Relying Parties sending
  EAT collection attestation evidence over HTTP(S) and other transports.
```

Author: It is a well formed token, and not a raw evidence, so I kept is as it is. Perhaps we should use token instead of tokens

Reviewer: In RATS parlance there is no "raw" evidence, just evidence.  So I am not sure what is the distinction you are trying to make here.  Also, "token" is an Arm-specific term that we have used for CCA and PSA but does not necessarily fit the wider RATS context.

Reviewer: maybe better saying: "[...] sending attestation messages over HTTP(S) [...]" because the EAT collection could be used to encapsulate attestation results too.

Author: yes, this makes more sense,  I will change this!

Author: But notice the word token already used in the draft 3 times!!!

Author: Correction: Attestation Token is used 8 times in the draft.

Author: And remember EAT stands for "Entity Attestation Token" so nothing wrong in using the word, token!

Reviewer: Sure, no one will be harmed by the use of the t-word :)

However, IMO all new documents should make the effort of aligning with RATS terminology.

Author: I will change this to message so that it applies to Attestation Results also going forward.

| TBD399 | map | EAT Collection {{&SELF}} |
{: #tbl-eat-collection align="left" title="EAT Collection"}

## Media Type Registration
{: #sec-iana-media-types}

IANA is requested to register the "application/eat-collection" media type {{!RFC2046}} in the "Media Types" registry {{IANA-MediaTypes}} in the manner described in RFC 6838 {{!RFC6838}}, which can be used to indicate that the content is an EAT collection.

> The new media type extends the set of EAT media types introduced in {{-rats-eat-media-type}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new media type extends the set of EAT media types introduced in {{-rats-eat-media-type}}.
```

> The media type introduced here builds on top and extends the EAT media types {{-rats-eat-media-type}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new media type extends the set of EAT media types introduced in {{-rats-eat-media-type}}.
```

* Type name: application
* Subtype name: eat-collection
* Required parameters: n/a
* Optional parameters: n/a
* Encoding considerations: binary
* Security considerations: See the Security Considerations section
  of {{&SELF}}
* Interoperability considerations: n/a
* Published specification: {{&SELF}}

> * Applications that use this media type: Attesters and Relying Parties sending
>   EAT collection attestation message over HTTP(S) and other transports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Applications that use this media type: Attesters, Relying Parties and
  Verifiers sending EAT collection messages over HTTP(S) and other transports.
```

  of {{&SELF}}
* Interoperability considerations: n/a
* Published specification: {{&SELF}}
* Applications that use this media type: Attesters, Relying Parties and Verifiers sending

>   EAT collection attestation messages over HTTP(S) and other transports.

Reviewer: quibbling: "attestation" is made redundant by the very clear and specialised context.

Author: Yes, I spotted it yesterday, but got to rush home so did not made the commit. Will do it now!
